What does a guy who's a Malcolm X now in this video we're going to be working at the vigil area.
OK.
And customization of this.
But before going up into that I'm going to show you that how can you add a second reset Aminul.
OK basically you can see that this is a menu that is going to show all the things.
But what Verby are going to add about the con bag does the privacy policy terms and conditions pages
and also the log in and custom like so we're going to add a second menu and this will be this you can
see that if I click here you can see a menu should be appearing but not know menu is coming here.
So we're going to add a menu right here so if someone clicks here he should be seeing that menu.
OK let's just go to the menu tray here.
Let's create a new menu and that will be the second menu.
Or we can name it as menu too.
I'm going to create a new menu and I'm going to add a menu or here let's add a menu to.
OK.
I'm going to hit create menu and you can see this menu should be created.
I'm going ahead of you all and here should be about page should be added log and Bache should be added.
And also the blog feed should be at it.
So I'm going to head to menu and I also want to add about page.
So let's just go from here to custom links.
I'm going to add a hash right here.
You can add the link off your About page from A to B just section and then I'm going to name it as about.
Hey I'm going to hit this and see him like this.
I want to add one more and that will be the privacy policy.
And also the contact us so we have created a contact this page so we will select it from here.
OK.
You can see all the all are created right here.
I'm going to bring the about us to the top prais here and the log in should be down below.
And the blog featured privacy policy should be before the log in or after everything.
OK I'm going to come here and I'm going to select second menu from here and I'm going ahead see you.
So you can see this menu should be saved.
Let's have a look at our Web site and you're going to love the look of this.
You can see this is right here and if I click here this is a menu that is coming in this is saying about
us blog feed contact log in and privacy policies are everything is coming and it's looking totally amazing.
So now we're totally done with this and this what you're going to be working on with the sidebars So
let's just go to the dashboard and let's have a look at a sidebar so you guys already know about it.
But I'm just telling you about it so I'm going to go to the tray here and here we can manage the sidebar
so let's open this up in a new tab as well to see our life changes so what we're doing.
I'm going to come here.
And first of all let's delete everything.
I'm going to go search right here I'm going to delete it.
I'm going to go to a recent post.
I'm going into it laded.
I'm going to go to recent comments and I'm also going to delete it so it's deletes everything from here.
OK here we go.
Also one thing that I want to show is that make sure that you guys audio API key and the extra team
option so that you can update your theme if any update releases.
OK you go to updates right here you can see here would be your a name of the elegant things.
OK.
Let's go to the elegant right now here would be your name for that.
And then here would be the key that you have to grab it from the account.
You have to go to the account right here and then in the key section here would be your IP.
You have to get that EPA key and then you have to paste it.
So how this will work is that if any update gets released you can update your theme and make sure that
you keep updated because this is also important for your security and your everything.
OK.
Not just like if any of decreases you just you just don't have to update it.
Then you have to wait for like one week so that that that is like a Wii you can also read reviews and
make sure the Wii evade at least vuln week before updating or theme and updating avoid process.
Well this is the tip.
Make sure to do that.
OK.
Now you just did it right there.
So let's just go ahead and let's add some stuff here since we have already the search here.
I'm not going to add anything but let's add some stuff so I can add the extra auteurs I can add the
recent post a can and some stops.
I'm going to add the recent post Ray here.
I mean I added in the main sidebar.
OK let's have a tray here and it show the five both display post-paid display both some kneel and display
post categories.
So here we go.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to refresh my page just to have a look at the posts that are
coming so you can see this is how the recent posts are coming with the images as well.
OK.
I'm going to add the extra recent comments recent reviews recent tweets recent videos recent social
network followers I mean add the recent reviews so recent reviews must be added to a number of post
to show.
OK let's just come here.
Let's just come here and let's refresh.
So it's going to show the recent reviews that has been added to post so this is added to this.
And you can see the score is this.
OK now let's go to the extra log in the so that the people can log in but I am not going to add.
I'm just going to add the extra Autor so sure of the authors that we have for a here.
If I just come here it's going to Alturas since to Autour has published a post on my blog.
You can see this one is me and this one is the other post.
If I just click here it's going to redirect me to that author page and you can see that here is the
post that we have for you here.
OK.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to I'm just going to go to the main page right here.
And let's add one more.
So for this we can also add the address here.
OK.
If you want to add so I suppose that I want to add an advertisement here so I can just add the image
you are l again as the advertisement or I can name it as our sponsors OK.
And so let's suppose that I am the
affiliate off the DVD.
OK.
Because when I send them customers they give me a share.
So let's suppose that I'm the affiliate TV team.
I'm just going to grab de-link off the.
So the theme.
And if so I'm going to just go to that image right here and I'm going to grab the image.
So I'm just going to grab this image right here.
I'm going to go to the view image OK.
This is the image I'm going to go to I'm just going to copy the link of this.
I'm going to go to this break here and I'm going to paste the link.
So in the link you or I can link it to any issue HTP slash slash example dot com.
OK.
And then I click here and can see I save it.
So and friends hey refresh this is going to appear right here.
OK.
And then here I can't see in our sponsors page t.
This is to our sponsors.
If someone clicks here he'll be redirected to this example domain.
OK so here you can add your affiliate link and get commissions and something like that.
OK.
So this is how it's going to work like this.
You can't add anything.
So you can also add the recent followers that has been added to your Facebook page and something like
that.
OK so now you can see that we are totally done with our page right here.
You can see we have recent post re-interviews our authors and everything in our sidebar is looking now
a bit much.
Craig and the Before that we had earlier.
OK so now we're done with this.
We can also work for you right here.
OK so you can see that we have the sidebar left and for our Sidebar middle and the a sidebar right which
we will be working of in the Customize section.
OK we will be moving it for the customized easier in the next video so Stadium for that that customizes
section is also important.
OK.
And then we'll just end up with this and we'll just move forward to that e-commerce site so Salian guys
and Buh-Bye.